hello sir you here to return those pants
no these are my pants okay how can I
help you well do you have a Santa outfit
left two days before Christmas sorry man
okay look do they have anything
Christmasy I promised my son and I
really don't want to disappoint him
come on I gotta have something I'm the
holiday armadillo I'm a friend of
Santa's and he sent me here to wish you
a Merry Christmas what happened to Santa
holiday armadillo Santa was unavailable
so close to Christmas oh come in have a
seat you must be exhausted coming all
the way from Texas
exes that's right then I'm Santa's
representative for all the southern
states Mexico but Santa's sent me here
to give you these presents Ben maybe the
lady will help me with these presents
[Laughter]
you're welcome then Merry Christmas
ooh and Happy Hanukkah because I'm part
Jewish you are me too because armadillos
also wandered in the desert
you wanna wander in the hall hey Ben
what if the holiday armadillo told you
all about the festival of lights
cool years and years ago there were
these people called The Maccabees Oh
what are you doing here Santa
well I'm here to see my old buddy Ben
what are you doing here weird turtle men
I'm the holiday armadillo you're part
Jewish friend you sent me here to give
Ben some presents
remember present Santa you bet I did Ben
put her there
well it would have worked this time if
his hands weren't so damn small Oh okay
Ben won't you come open some more
presents and Santa the armadillo and I
will have a little talk in the kitchen
there's a sentence I never thought I'd
say
what are you doing you called everyone
and said you were having trouble finding
a Santa costume so I'm borrowed one from
a guy at work Thank You butBut you got
to leave why because I'm finally getting
him excited about Hanukkah
I mean you're you're wrecking it but I
didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl
full of jelly
I'm sorry Chandler but this this is
really important to me fine I'll I'll
give the suit back hey you think you can
keep it another night Santa really yeah
is that okay did your dad ever dress up
like Santa